Add some hints about script blueprints (#24134)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/blueprint/tutorial.markdown

---
title: "Automation blueprint tutorial"
description: "Tutorial on creating an automation blueprint."
---

<div class='note'>

> While the tutorial is only showing how to create an automation blueprints, scripts also support blueprints in exactly the same way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the tutorial only shows how to create an automation blueprint, scripts also support blueprints in the same way.
```
